由于我希望可以随时更新我的新数据，同时更细新的可视化，因此我把所有的代码都写得高可用

bonjour, i am goingto talk about my visualization project. the data of project are come
from my own DiDi travel data which  seems to be the Chines Uber.

In this  porject, i use  nump and pandas to extract,load and analyzs the data, 
use missingno to check, 
use webdriver to transform specific locations into latitude and longitude coordinate
use the matplot and pyecharts to visualize
finaly , the streamlit are used as a framework to present these visualiztions on a website completely

and now , let me start with the final rendered page 
as you can see there are two distinct area, the navigation and an area where I want to show specific content of
In general, I divided my website  into two parts, one for visualization and the other for data and code.
to achivment these, i code these, at there i can add any page whatever i want,

`selection = st.sidebar.radio("Go to", list(PAGES.keys()))`   use this method to repsond the selection which i choosed
this python file is for my frist page , and that for my second page ,
 @st.cache   BTY i use this command  get the page to load faster when I dont have any motification or have a kind of matification
it will have a cache


let's turn back to the wab.
so now it is Visualiztion page ,
and here have some filters on the side of the page, 
as you can see , if i choose  all weekdays and whole points as my dataset to visualize,
the data would contains 560 rows and there 560 points on the map and the coordinte .
and the title is overview,
but if i motify the condition , All the things I just said will change
   changed, ..... changed  . and so it is 

and the last selection block is to choose different kind of diagram, I will further demonstrate this in the following .
ok let come back to this , on this map , we can see the spicefic loacation where i gone. even each road
let's zoom in on it ,
The most frequent travel location is here , 
and after the zoom in ,
Because this is my home, so many points are gathered here
this is my institute,  so many points are scattered here
if i have overview, we can see it would be dived into another two parts,
The part at the bottom of the map is where I live and study,
 and the top part is where I play and do my internship

In Chaoyang District, there are many bars and nightclubs and large shopping malls.
In Haidian, there are a lot of internet companies, like... tiktol    ,   albb   ,  wb, and 
Didi, the source of my analysis data
so my internship is also located there

Even though Most frequent of hanging out time priod is  evening, However, I spend the most in the afternoon, so this chart reveals to us that there are different mileage rates at different times of the day
August
the most obviusly reason for that situation is these month are my summer vacation 
and the why i didnt hang out or didnt use DiDi, i think it is cause by COVID,All Chinese were isolated at home


That's all I've done in this project
Since I wanted to be able to update my new data whenever i want ,at any time
 and update the visualizations at the same time,
 I wrote all the code to be highly available. I didn't directly use any of the images already shown for play here,
 all the visualizations are available for different variations depending on the data.


